---
layout: post
title:  Mottos
date:   2024-01-04
categories: misc
---

This is just a collection of various mottos or phrases that I've found inspiring:

#### A.I.R.O

Aggressive Inclusiveness, Relentless Optimism.

I think, when being a part of a community, we should strive to Aggressively Include as many people as possible, and refrain from banishment until certain bad apples have proven beyond a doubt that they will never cooperate or modify their own behaviour when needed.

I also think that Relentless Optimism can be super valuable, especially for important goals. Of course, we don't want to delude ourselves with lies, echo chambers, and impossibilities. But sometimes it can be surprising what is possible with just a contagious positive attitude.

I pronounce this acronym like "Arrow"


#### A.A.I.R

Awaken. Adventure. Inspire. Retire.

I view this as a healthy cycle of states that members of a community might journey through.

You "Awaken" when you first join a community, or "Reawaken" if re-discovering it.

You "Adventure" when having fun with others, going on enjoyable journeys, accomplishing fun tasks, and making fond memories.

You "Inspire" when you have spurred creativity in others, and encouraged them to explore their passions.

And we all "Retire" one day. There is no other choice.

I pronounce this acronym like "Air"


#### M.T.G.A

Make Temuair Great Again


This is a trigger phrase for many - there is a lot of baggage attached.

But I think that the "Make <thing> Great Again" sentiment can have some validitiy. Sometimes, there can be certain aspects of the past, which have been lost. If those lost things were generally positive, and desireable by nearly all members of a community, then it might be worth attempting to revive those lost aspects. Of course we can never 100% replicate the past - we'd need a time machine. But we can make a valiant effort to discover and mimic what was lost, in an attempt to rekindle a dying flame.

I think, for this phrase to be useful, we need to throw away any notions of toxic politics, walls, or insurrections.

I don't know how to pronounce this one yet, but "mutt-uh-guh" is what I've got so far, haha





Thoughts:

Uninclusive communities vs inclusive ones. Uninclusiveness is maybe ok, as long as there isn't undue harm? Eg: Sorry, can't join our exclusive club, vs physically or emotionally attacking people.

The hope is, that inclusive communities will out-survive uninclusive ones, since their member pool can be much larger. But growing pains risk self-extinction, so it's a trade-off


